“Everything is like a wall.
Said a scholar to the troll.
Bang your head to go on through.
Then you'll see, there is no queue.”
― Will Advise, Nothing is here...

“They only feed off of self-righteous rhetorical argument, trolls—even plain old reason doesn’t stand a chance.”
― A.D. Aliwat, In Limbo

“Trolling does not say anything about the person you are trolling, but it is saying a lot on what kind of a person are you. It exposes you, your personality and your life. How you are raised, what are your values, thoughts, believes and where are you in life?”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

“Don’t think people are stupid, when they are good to you. They are also capable of doing bad, harmful and hurtful things more than you. They can be more bad, selfish, evil, disrespectful, psychos ,trolling,bully, toxic and meaner than you, but they choose to be good. You too can stop pressing other people’s button to test their kindness or patients to see how far can they take it. You can also choose to be good.”
― De philosopher DJ Kyos

#19. Trolls are slow in the uptake, and mighty suspicious about anything new to them. - Author: J.R.R. Tolkien

#25. I remember a time where Trolls were a fictitious monster from fairy tales, not arseholes on the internet looking for attention. - Author: Robert O'Sullivan

#31. Any fool knew that arguing with a troll was pointless. - Author: April Adams

#33. I have learned not to feed the trolls. I just don't respond. - Author: Dana Brunetti

#43. Little children adore me - I'm a Troll Tamer and they know it! ... - Author: John Geddes

#50. People throw insults at you, and sometimes they hit a nerve - and it's about not showing that, because they will pick on that. Don't feed the trolls! - Author: Maisie Williams

#60. Trolls must continually feed their bottomless need, so be strong and patiently wait out their fires of hatred for eventually they eat their own. - Author: L.M. Fields

#62. He probably thinks pixies are a lesser species. Half-sentient, like gnomes and Internet trolls. - Author: Rainbow Rowell

#68. Look what I'm dealing with, man, I'm dealing with fools and trolls. - Author: Charlie Sheen

#71. Are we all, at heart, just Internet trolls? - Author: Sarah Lotz

#73. Keep your goals away from the trolls. - Author: Peter McWilliams